smart API Integration.
So this one was a little bit challenging.
And the big pain point on
this was actually the PASCOM
API itself and how it worked.
So they have a not very
good documentation.
So first thing was going through that
and understand how that service works.
On stat was done.
The implementation itself was a
little bit tricky because they didn't
have filter in the API and they
didn't have pagination in the API.
So you only had an option to
choose for how long you wanted
to  fetch data in the past.
So you can say, okay, I wanna
fetch 24 hours in the past.
And the limit of the API
was always a thousand.
So you could said, okay, I wanna have 48
hours, and the reply would be a thousand.
But then you can have
more results in that API.
So I implemented that calculation
in pagination itself, in our side.
It would calculate if actually
the timestamp of the last result.
Of that API would be actually 48 hours.
Or do we need to query a little
bit more further with an offset
of the first visit that we have.
So we have always like the
exact time that we want to fetch
the last 48 hours and then.
After that, we have a bunch of data to,
to process in the Python application.
And of course, once we have all the
data, we have to decide, okay, what
are the actual new rows to transmit
to big query in this situation?
Deduplication layer was also
built into the Python system to
ensure that the bigQuery has only
unique data after the API fetch.
So this was the stream and also
a separate table on BigQuery was
created for the metadata of each load.
So it saves some specific metadata.
Not all data, not with before and
after that would be over and would
maybe cost a little bit of money.
However system was implemented.
Now the report team can actually
just query data from BigQuery and get
information about the their PBX and
call center information on PASCOM.